2025-06-15 -> Daily Consolidated American News Report
*** The following contains yesterdays major news headlines directly from the news site ***


ASSOCIATEDPRESS
>>> Israel and Iran trade strikes for a third day as nuclear talks are called off - Israel unleashed airstrikes across Iran for a third day and threatened even greater force as some Iranian missiles evaded Israeli air defenses to strike buildings in the heart of the country. - The Latest: Death toll grows as Israel and Iran trade attacks for third day - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - Russia’s strong ties with both Israel and Iran could help it emerge as a power broker - Israeli strikes on Gaza kill at least 20 as war rages on after the opening of a new front with Iran

>>> Anti-Trump demonstrators crowd streets, parks and plazas across the US. Organizers say millions came - Demonstrators came out in cities across the U.S. to protest President Donald Trump. Organizers of Saturday’s “No Kings” demonstrations said millions marched in hundreds of events. - Photos of anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across the US - The Army turns 250. Trump turns 79. Cue funnel cakes, festive bling, military might — and protest - Military parade kicks off in nation’s capital with tanks, troops and 21-gun salute

>>> Israel and Iran trade strikes for a third day as nuclear talks are called off - Israel unleashed airstrikes across Iran for a third day and threatened even greater force as some Iranian missiles evaded Israeli air defenses to strike buildings in the heart of the country. - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - Russia’s strong ties with both Israel and Iran could help it emerge as a power broker - The Latest: Death toll grows as Israel and Iran trade attacks for third day - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases and nuclear facilities after Israeli strikes

>>> A man looks at flames rising from an oil storage facility after it appeared to have been struck by an Israeli strike in Tehran, Iran, early Sunday, June 15, 2025. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi) - Israel targets Iran’s Defense Ministry headquarters as Tehran unleashes deadly missile strike - Israel launched an expanded assault on Iran on Sunday while Tehran unleashed a fresh barrage of missiles. - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - Russia’s strong ties with both Israel and Iran could help it emerge as a power broker - The Latest: Iran fires more missiles at Israel after Israeli military continues strikes - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases and nuclear facilities after Israeli strikes

>>> Anti-Trump demonstrators crowd streets, parks and plazas across the US. Organizers say millions came - Demonstrators came out in cities across the U.S. to protest President Donald Trump. Organizers of Saturday’s “No Kings” demonstrations said millions marched in hundreds of events. - The Army turns 250. Trump turns 79. Cue funnel cakes, festive bling, military might — and protest - Photos of anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across the US - Military parade kicks off in nation’s capital with tanks, troops and 21-gun salute - WATCH: Police in LA launch tear gas into crowds

>>> Authorities still searching for suspect in shooting of 2 Minnesota state lawmakers - A massive search is stretching into its second day for a man who authorities say posed as a police officer and fatally shot a Democratic state lawmaker in her suburban Minneapolis home. - Photos show police searching for man suspected of shooting 2 Minnesota state lawmakers - Minnesota’s slain Democratic leader lived the political divisions in the US every day - Political violence is threaded through recent US history. The motives and justifications vary

>>> A man looks at flames rising from an oil storage facility after it appeared to have been struck by an Israeli strike in Tehran, Iran, early Sunday, June 15, 2025. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi) - Israel targets Iran’s Defense Ministry headquarters as Tehran unleashes deadly missile strike - Israel launched an expanded assault on Iran on Sunday while Tehran unleashed a fresh barrage of missiles. - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - Putin and Trump discussed Middle East tensions, Ukraine war in phone call - The Latest: Iran fires more missiles at Israel after Israeli military continues strikes - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases and nuclear facilities after Israeli strikes

>>> The Army turns 250. Trump turns 79. Cue funnel cakes, festive bling, military might — and protest - There were funnel cakes, stands of festival bling and American flags aplenty. Also, the spray of tear gas against nonviolent marchers in Atlanta, rolling waves of anti-Trump resistance coast to coast and a confrontation in Los Angles. - Photos of anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across the US - Anti-Trump demonstrators crowd streets, parks and plazas across the US. Organizers say millions came - Military parade kicks off in nation’s capital with tanks, troops and 21-gun salute - WATCH: Police in LA launch tear gas into crowds

>>> Minnesota Democratic lawmaker and husband killed in what Walz calls targeted political attack - Authorities are searching for a man suspected of shooting two Minnesota lawmakers. Authorities have identified him as 57-year-old Vance Boelter, of Green Isle. - Photos show police searching for man suspected of shooting 2 Minnesota state lawmakers - Minnesota’s slain Democratic leader lived the political divisions in the US every day - Political violence is threaded through recent US history. The motives and justifications vary

>>> Live updates: Trump praises Army’s ‘legacy of unmatched courage’ at military parade - A massive military parade to celebrate the U.S. Army’s 250th anniversary, requested by President Donald Trump, rolled through Washington D.C. on Saturday, as opponents of the president’s agenda rallied in hundreds of cities nationwide for “No Kings” protests. - Photos of anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across the US - The Army turns 250. Trump turns 79. Cue funnel cakes, festive bling, military might — and protest - Anti-Trump demonstrators crowd streets, parks and plazas across the US. Organizers say millions came - Military parade kicks off in nation’s capital with tanks, troops and 21-gun salute

>>> Israel targets Iran’s Defense Ministry headquarters as Tehran unleashes deadly missile strike - Israel launched an expanded assault on Iran on Sunday while Tehran unleashed a fresh barrage of missiles. - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - Putin and Trump discussed Middle East tensions, Ukraine war in phone call - The Latest: Iran fires more missiles at Israel after Israeli military continues strikes - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases and nuclear facilities after Israeli strikes

>>> Live updates: Trump speaks at Army’s 250th birthday parade - A massive military parade to celebrate the U.S. Army’s 250th anniversary, requested by President Donald Trump, rolled through Washington D.C. on Saturday, as opponents of the president’s agenda rallied in hundreds of cities nationwide for “No Kings” protests. - Photos of anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across the US - The Army turns 250. Trump turns 79. Cue funnel cakes, festive bling, military might — and protest - Anti-Trump demonstrators crowd streets, parks and plazas across the US. Organizers say millions came - Military parade kicks off in nation’s capital with tanks, troops and 21-gun salute

>>> Israel’s military says it has targeted Iran’s Defense Ministry headquarters - Israel launched an expanded assault on Iran on Sunday while Tehran unleashed a fresh barrage of missiles. - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - Putin and Trump discussed Middle East tensions, Ukraine war in phone call - The Latest: Iran fires more missiles at Israel after Israeli military continues strikes - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases and nuclear facilities after Israeli strikes

>>> Minnesota Democratic lawmaker and husband killed in what Walz calls targeted political attack - Authorities are searching for a man suspected of shooting two Minnesota lawmakers. Authorities have identified him as 57-year-old Vance Boelter, of Green Isle. - Photos of police search for suspect who shot 2 state lawmakers, including one who died, in Minnesota - Minnesota’s slain Democratic leader lived the political divisions in the US every day - Political violence is threaded through recent US history. The motives and justifications vary

>>> Live updates: Army’s 250th birthday parade unfolds as protests continue across country - A massive military parade to celebrate the U.S. Army’s 250th anniversary, requested by President Donald Trump, is underway in Washington D.C., as opponents of the president’s agenda are rallying in hundreds of cities nationwide for “No Kings” protests. - Photos of anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across the US - Anti-Trump demonstrators crowd streets, parks and plazas across the US. Organizers say millions came - Military parade kicks off in nation’s capital with tanks, troops and 21-gun salute - Protests, parades and Pride: One week in June 2025 is drawing stark American fault lines

>>> Live updates: Army’s 250th birthday parade underway despite rain and ‘No Kings’ protests - A massive military parade to celebrate the U.S. Army’s 250th anniversary, requested by President Donald Trump, is getting underway in Washington D.C. - Photos of anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across the US - Anti-Trump demonstrators crowd streets, parks and plazas across the US. Organizers say millions came - Military parade kicks off in nation’s capital with tanks, troops and 21-gun salute - Protests, parades and Pride: One week in June 2025 is drawing stark American fault lines

>>> Iran fires another round of missiles at Israel, and explosions are heard in Tehran - Iran and Israel are trading rounds of strikes in the latest salvo since a surprise attack aimed at decimating Tehran’s rapidly advancing nuclear program. - Putin and Trump discussed Middle East tensions, Ukraine war in phone call - The Latest: Iran fires more missiles at Israel after Israeli military continues strikes - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases and nuclear facilities after Israeli strikes - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict?

>>> Minnesota Democratic lawmaker and husband killed in what Walz calls targeted political attack - Authorities are searching for a 57-year-old man suspected of shooting two Minnesota lawmakers, officials tell The Associated Press. - Photos of police search for suspect who shot 2 state lawmakers, including one who died, in Minnesota

>Iran fires another round of missiles at Israel, and explosions are heard in Tehran - Iran has launched a second night of missiles against Israel late Saturday. And Israel’s military is keeping up attacks in Tehran and elsewhere in Iran. - Putin and Trump discussed Middle East tensions, Ukraine war in phone call - The Latest: Israel threatens more attacks on Iran after Tehran retaliates with missile strikes - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases and nuclear facilities after Israeli strikes - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - 

>Live updates: ‘No Kings’ protests underway ahead of DC military parade - Follow live updates on President Donald Trump and his administration | June 14, 2025 - Photos of anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across the US - Thousands of protesters crowd into streets, parks and plazas at anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations - Military parade set to kick off in nation’s capital as protesters around the country decry Trump - Protests, parades and Pride: One week in June 2025 is drawing stark American fault lines - 

>Minnesota Democratic lawmaker and husband killed in what Walz calls targeted political attack - Authorities are searching for a 57-year-old man suspected of shooting two Minnesota lawmakers, officials tell The Associated Press. - Photos of police search for suspect who shot 2 state lawmakers, including one who died, in Minnesota - 

>US-Iran talks over Tehran’s nuclear program won’t take place after Israel’s surprise attack - The latest U.S.-Iran talks on Tehran’s rapidly advancing nuclear program will not take place Sunday. That’s according to the mediator, Oman. - Putin and Trump discussed Middle East tensions, Ukraine talks on phone call, Kremlin says - The Latest: Israel threatens more attacks on Iran after Tehran retaliates with missile strikes - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases and nuclear facilities after Israeli strikes - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - 

>Minnesota Democratic lawmaker and husband killed in what Walz calls politically motivated attack - Authorities are searching for a 57-year-old man suspected of shooting 2 Minnesota lawmakers, officials tell The Associated Press. - 

>US-Iran talks over Tehran’s nuclear program won’t take place after Israel’s surprise attack - The latest U.S.-Iran talks on Tehran’s rapidly advancing nuclear program will not take place Sunday. That’s according to the mediator, Oman. - Putin and Trump discussed Middle East tensions, Ukraine talks on phone call, Kremlin says - The Latest: Israel threatens more attacks on Iran after Tehran retaliates with missile strikes - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases after Israeli strikes - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - 

>Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz pauses as he speaks about the killing of state Rep. Melissa Hortman and her husband at the State Emergency operations Center in Blaine, Minn.. Saturday, June 14, 2025. (Jerry Holt/Star Tribune via AP) - Minnesota Democratic lawmaker and husband killed in what Walz calls politically motivated attack - Police in Minnesota are cautioning residents to avoid “No Kings” protests after two state lawmakers and their spouses were shot early Saturday. - 

>Live updates: ‘No Kings’ protests underway ahead of DC military parade - Follow live updates on President Donald Trump and his administration | June 14, 2025 - Photos of anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across the US - Protesters crowd into streets, parks and plazas at anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across US - The Army is set to celebrate 250 years with a parade that coincides with Trump’s birthday - Protests, parades and Pride: One week in June 2025 is drawing stark American fault lines - 

>US-Iran talks over Tehran’s nuclear program won’t take place after Israel strikes, mediator says - The latest U.S.-Iran talks on Tehran’s rapidly advancing nuclear program will not take place Sunday. That’s according to the mediator, Oman. - Putin and Trump discussed Middle East tensions, Ukraine talks on phone call, Kremlin says - The Latest: Israel threatens more attacks on Iran after Tehran retaliates with missile strikes - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases after Israeli strikes - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - 

>Law enforcement officers including local police, sheriffs and the FBI, stage less than a mile from a shooting in Brooklyn Park, Minn. on Saturday, June 14, 2025. (Alex Kormann/Star Tribune via AP) - Police say they have recovered writings in a car used by suspect in shooting of Minnesota lawmakers - Officials said the suspect was posing as a law enforcement officer.  - 

>Live updates: ‘No Kings’ protests underway ahead of DC military parade - Follow live updates on President Donald Trump and his administration | June 14, 2025 - Protesters crowd into parks and plazas at anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ demonstrations across the US - The Army is set to celebrate 250 years with a parade that coincides with Trump’s birthday - Protests, parades and Pride: One week in June 2025 is drawing stark American fault lines - 

>US-Iran talks over Tehran’s nuclear program won’t take place after Israel strikes, mediator says - The latest U.S.-Iran talks on Tehran’s rapidly advancing nuclear program will not take place Sunday. That’s according to the mediator, Oman. - The Latest: Israel threatens more attacks on Iran after Tehran retaliates with missile strikes - Satellite photos reveal damage to Iranian missile bases after Israeli strikes - Why are some key Tehran allies staying out of the Israel-Iran conflict? - 


CNN
>Residential areas in Israel take ‘direct hit’ after series of Iranian drone and missile attacks

>Israel’s air defense systems, explained and visualized

>The death toll from Iranian attacks on Israel rises as mounting casualties and damage reported in both countries

>Screams can be heard as missile hits Israel

>Analysis: Why Israel attacked Iran at this time

>Both countries exchanged fresh strikes, with Iran threatening to intensify attacks if Israeli hostilities persist

>Iran and Israel trade strikes

>Iran a ‘playground’ for Israeli spy agency

>Diplomacy and dire warnings

>Projectiles seen in skies over Jerusalem as Iranian state media says the latest barrage toward Israel includes drones and missiles

>How diplomacy and warnings culminated with Israel’s attack on Iran

>Israeli military said it detected incoming missiles launched from Iran and urged residents to seek shelter

>The conflict between Iran and Israel escalated after Israel attacked Iranian nuclear and military targets on Friday

>CNN shows aftermath of Iranian strike in Israel

>The conflict between Iran and Israel escalated after Israel’s attacked Iranian nuclear and military targets on Friday

>Israel attacked three key Iranian nuclear facilities. Did it strike a decisive blow?

>Watch footage of overnight strikes in Israel and Iran

>Iran and Israel traded deadly missile attacks overnight as Netanyahu says ‘more is on the way’

>What we know

>Analysis: Why Israel attacked Iran now

>Iran’s ‘crushing response’

>How days of frantic diplomacy and dire warnings culminated with Israel’s attack on Iran

>Israel releases video showing how they carried out Iran attack


FOX
>Trump delivers patriotic address as thousands gather for Army's 250th anniversary parade

>US embassy in Jerusalem issues security alert amid deadly Iran strikes

>Trump says US had 'nothing to do with' Israeli attack against Iran  — issues stern warning

>At least 10 people killed, dozens injured in latest Iranian missile attack against Israel

>Crowd sings ‘Happy Birthday’ to Trump at US Army’s 250th anniversary parade

>Violent Portland mob injures federal officers in brazen ICE facility attack

>At least 8 people killed, dozens injured in latest Iranian missile attack against Israel

>4 officers hurt as Portland rioters breach ICE building with explosives and rocks

>Six people killed, dozens injured in latest Iranian missile attack against Israel

>President Trump gets a surprise from the Army during the 250th birthday parade

>SEE IT: Top photos from the 250th birthday celebration of the US Army

>Soccer team band unfurls anti-ICE banners during match amid nationwide unrest

>Violent mobs attack officers in LA as Democrats fan flames against Trump administration

>Trump celebrates US' long history giving foreign enemies 'hell' at massive military parade

>Scientists baffled by 'impossible' radio waves found beneath Antarctic ice sheet

>HAPPENING NOW: Trump speaks at military parade honoring Army's 250th birthday

>Thousands converge on Virginia protest against Trump and Army parade, as DC quiet

>WATCH: 'No Kings' protesters show up near DC

>WATCH: Authorities identify suspect, ask for public's help

>Women's sports advocate Riley Gaines and husband expecting first child in September

>WATCH: 'Army Goes Rolling Along' as Trump salutes troops

>Trump's military parade honoring Army's 250th founding anniversary kicks off

>Army surpasses 2025 recruiting goals

>‘Tehran is burning,' declares Israeli defense minister as strikes hit oil depots

>HAPPENING NOW: Military parade in honor of the Army's 250th birthday underway

>US Army's 250 birthday: Military branch surpasses 2025 recruiting goals months ahead of schedule

>3 killed in latest Iranian missile barrage, including young woman in northern Israel

>Netanyahu sitting down with FOX's Bret Baier as Israel strikes Iran's nuclear sites

>Trump's military parade honoring Army's founding threatened by protests, thunderstorms

>Dodgers star displays Bible passage on hat during team's Pride Night game

>Las Vegas hotels face lawsuits after travelers report severe bed bug injuries

>Iran launches fifth missile barrage toward Israel, IDF confirms

>WATCH LIVE: 250th Army Birthday Festival official ceremony underway

>Police identify suspect in shooting of Minnesota lawmakers and their spouses

>Israel under maximum alert level as hundreds of victims treated after Iran strike

>Israel strikes at the heart of Iran's nuclear ambitions

>Trump and Putin reportedly discuss 'dangerous escalation' between Israel and Iran

>Fetterman admits rioter with Mexican flag will be a gift to Trump administration

>WATCH: FBI begins investigation into attack on Minnesota lawmakers

>Netanyahu says Israeli Air Force pilots will be over Tehran 'very soon'

>Anger erupts as Dem leaders blamed for leaving anti-ICE riots burning city

>AOC calls senator's removal 'crazy' as GOP rep slams 'Democrat men' for behavior

>TSA agent arrested for allegedly attacking 79-year-old passenger in Florida

>Olympic medalist accuses Simone Biles of bullying — and sticks up for Riley Gaines

>Two dead after gunman in police uniform targets state lawmakers in overnight shooting spree

>Defense Secretary Hegseth gives latest on US response to Israel and Iran strikes

>Social media erupts over eye-popping amount CA shells out to illegals each year

>Army hits huge goal ahead of birthday parade

>What experts say were the deciding moments in Karen Read's high-profile trial

>ASRA NOMANI: The familiar hidden hand behind today’s #NoKings protests

>Israel says strike killed more than 20 Iranian commanders as tensions mount between nations

>WATCH LIVE: Army fitness challenge underway in heart of DC ahead of Army parade

>Israel says Iran’s air force leadership fell for the bait — and took them out

>Israeli intelligence official tells FOX News what to expect with Iran in days ahead

>Israeli official vows ‘we have more surprises coming up’ for Iran following wave of airstrikes

>WATCH LIVE: Army turns 250 — heroes honored in all-day salute to freedom

>Army hits huge goal ahead of its 250th birthday celebration in Washington, DC

>Marlee Matlin says Henry Winkler opened his doors after tumultuous relationship

>Iranian missile strikes kill at least 3 people in Israel as 73-year-old victim identified after attack

>Israel releases videos showing missile platforms, drones being taken out


NPR
>Death toll from plane crash in India climbs to 270 as search teams find more bodies

>The London-bound plane struck a medical college hostel in a residential area of the northwestern city of Ahmedabad minutes after takeoff Thursday, killing 241 on board and at least 29 on the ground.

>Fireworks and parachutists: Army celebrates its 250th year, Trump celebrates his 79th

>The official focus of the parade was the commemoration of the U.S. Army's 250th anniversary. But critics say the president is using the military show of force to push a political agenda.

>The official focus of the parade was the commemoration of the U.S. Army's 250th anniversary. But critics say the president is using the military show of force to push a political agenda and celebrate his birthday, which happens to fall on the same date.

>Photos: See No Kings protests around the country

>People gathered for pro-democracy protests across the country today.

>Anti-Trump No Kings protests flood American streets ahead of military parade

>Organizers are accusing the president of putting on the parade as a show of dominance. The protests were peaceful, but came against the backdrop of assassinations in Minnesota.

>Israel says it killed 9 Iranian nuclear scientists, and braces for attacks from Iran

>Israel's military says the nine nuclear scientists killed played spent decades working on Iran's nuclear program.

>No Kings protests against Trump launch nationwide to coincide with military parade

>Can't-miss interviews: Gavin Newsom, Dave Portnoy and Jason Reynolds

>A lot happened this week, and NPR has you covered. Catch up on the big news and culture moments you might have missed.

>'No Kings' protests against Trump held nationwide to coincide with military parade

>Minnesota state lawmaker killed, another wounded in targeted shootings, officials say

>A former Minnesota House speaker and her spouse were killed and a state senator and his wife were wounded in targeted shootings early Saturday at their homes near Minneapolis, officials said.

>10 years after the deadly church shooting, a new history of 'Mother Emanuel'

>Reporter Kevin Sack's new book is a history of Charleston's Emanuel AME Church, the oldest Black congregation in the South, where a white supremacist killed nine worshippers a decade ago.

>Tanks and flyovers: Army celebrates its 250th year, Trump celebrates his 79th

>The official focus of the parade is the commemoration of the U.S. Army's 250th anniversary. But critics say the president is using the military show of force to push a political agenda and celebrate his birthday, which happens to fall on the same date.

>'No Kings' protests against Trump planned nationwide to coincide with military parade

>The coalition of organizations behind the protests say the parade is being fueled by Trump's ego. The parade, which is not formally linked to Trump, will mark the 250th anniversary of the U.S. Army.

>Ancient miasma theory may help explain Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s vaccine moves

>Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. apparently embraces the outdated "miasma theory" of disease instead of the widely accept "germ theory" of disease, which may help explain some of the actions he's been taking.

>RFK Jr. sent Congress 'medical disinformation' to defend COVID vaccine schedule change

>A document circulated to members of Congress misinterprets studies and cites debunked research, scientists say. It could influence congressional perceptions of vaccine safety.

>Did Trump get cheers or jeers at 'Les Mis'? Find out in the quiz

>This week brought the celebrity-starved quiz a cornucopia of fun. Were you paying attention?

>An AIDS orphan, a pastor and his frantic search for the meds that keep her alive

>In the wake of U.S. aid cuts, Pastor Billy is reminded of his twin sister's death from AIDS. He doesn't want 9-year-old Diana, who's HIV-positive, to meet the same fate.

>Young men swung for Trump in 2024. Democrats are working on a plan to win them back

>Democrats lost serious ground with young men in the 2024 presidential election. Now, some within the party are working to win them back.


PBS
>WATCH: Trump’s military parade honoring Army’s 250th birthday rolls through DC

>King Charles III pays respects to Air India crash victims at his annual birthday parade

>The monarch’s annual birthday parade, known as Trooping the Colour, is a historic ceremony filled with pageantry and military bands in which the king reviews his troops on Horse Guards Parade adjacent to St. James’ Park in central London.

>Pope Leo XIV sends message of hope to U.S. in Chicago White Sox stadium broadcast

>In his first words directed specifically to Americans, Pope Leo XIV told young people on Saturday how to find hope and meaning in their lives through God and in service to others.

>State Rep. Finke responds to assassination of Minnesota lawmaker Melissa Hortman

>In Minnesota, a person posing as a police officer shot two Democratic state lawmakers and their spouses in what Gov. Walz called an “act of targeted political violence.” Rep. Melissa Hortman and her husband were killed early Saturday morning in…

>Former U.S. ambassador to Israel analyzes rising Israel-Iran conflict

>News Wrap: Crews work to reunite remains of Air India crash victims with families

>Millions turn out nationwide for ‘No Kings’ protests against Trump administration

>Military historian discusses the message Trump’s military parade sends to the world

>U.S.-Iran nuclear talks won’t take place after Israel’s surprise attack on Tehran

>The latest U.S.-Iran talks on Tehran's rapidly advancing nuclear program will not take place Sunday, mediator Oman said Saturday, as Israel and Iran traded blows a day after Israel's blistering attack on Iranian nuclear and military sites.

>Protesters gather across the U.S. at nationwide anti-Trump ‘No Kings’ rallies

>Demonstrators crowded into streets, parks and plazas across the U.S. on Saturday to protest President Donald Trump before a Washington military parade marking the Army’s 250th anniversary that coincides with the president’s birthday.

>WATCH LIVE: Trump’s military parade honoring Army’s 250th birthday rolls through DC

>WATCH: Minnesota Gov. Walz holds briefing on shootings of two state lawmakers and their spouses

>“We must all, in Minnesota and across the country, stand against all forms of political violence,” Walz said at a press conference Saturday. “Those responsible for this will be held accountable.”…

>Melissa Hortman, a former Minnesota House Speaker, and her spouse were shot and killed early Saturday in their Brooklyn Park home. A second state lawmaker, Sen. John Hoffman and his wife, were shot multiple times in Champlin.

>Minnesota lawmaker and her husband killed in politically motivated shooting, Walz says

>Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz says former state House Speaker Melissa Hortman and her husband were shot and killed in a politically motivated assassination, and a second lawmaker and his wife were shot and wounded. Authorities were actively searching for a…

>This grassland bird eavesdrops on prairie dogs to keep itself safe from predators

>Previous research has shown birds frequently eavesdrop on other bird species to glean information about potential food sources or approaching danger. But, so far, scientists have documented only a few instances of birds eavesdropping on mammals.


THEFEDERALIST
>Gavin Newsom Is The White Male Kamala

>Dem Virginia Senate Leader Threatens To Fire All Youngkin Appointees On University Boards

>Here’s A Rundown Of The Court Fights The Trump Administration Has Won So Far

>New Evidence Suggests FBI Agent Involved With Crossfire Hurricane Was Foreign Spy

>Sending Federal Law Enforcement To Quell California Is Both Legal And Necessary 

>When Faith Meets Stoicism, There’s Hope For Us All

>Same-Day Registration Is Too Easily Gamed By Leftists

>SBC Passes Resolution Demanding FDA ‘Immediately Revoke’ Mifepristone Approval

>Don’t Give Obama Credit For Cooking The Books To Inflate Deportations

>After Chastising Trump For Calling BLM Rioters ‘Thugs,’ Democrats Embrace The Term To Smear ICE Agents

>California Was Never The ‘Homeland’ Of Mexican Invaders

>Exclusive: Maricopa Recorder Sues County Board For ‘Unlawful’ Seizure Of Election Powers

>DOJ, Ed Department Investigate Minnesota For Allowing Male Athlete Onto Girls’ Softball Championship Team

>Tim Walz Refuses To Apologize For Calling Federal Agents Nazis

>By Promoting Amnesty For Illegal Workers, Trump Is Selling Out ‘America First’ For Cheap Labor

